inductional geometry by armani willis 6'13

given the tracing of a function on the cartesian plane, we see that the tracing itself is a product
of the axis being dependant onto the ordinate, where y=f(x).
y is the product of some function of x. of course, this is incorrect for many different reasons.

reason #1 is the fact that y is a function of x where y being a function, while x is a variable 
implies that y maintains a direct dependence on x whereas this relationship does not exist in the 
reverse. y=f(x), x=f*-(y) 

reason #2 x is inclusive on all y, but for all real, positive integers, y is not inclusive on all x 
included on any y. this means that all functions are irreversible. f*-(-y)=/-x

reason #3 is that since the relationships given on the cartesian plane implies direct and constant 
correlation of x to y with no reverse conditions. this implies that only for  real and positive 
integers can x support y, even though x itself can be negated. f(x)=x^(+/-1/2)=/*;(x<0)

read: f of x raised to positive or negative one half is not for when x is less than zero.

reason #4 since this graph cannot account for non real values, where adding a nonreal component to 
x will create a set of x,y values, we can say that there can be no correlation beyond real values.
(-x^(1/2)=/xi

reason #5 since real values are all compound onto non real components where i^2=-1, then all 
relations between x and y are null and void since non reversability implies disjoint continuity, 
where x cannot be related to y since it cannot be related to itself through y,xi. 

reason #6 the coordinate system x,y is a continuous disjoint discontinuity where the coincidence 
exampled by comparing y to only one constituent x implies that y is perfectly dependent on x, and
this is impossible since x is not reversely coordinated onto y. xi^4=/x^2
 
for example, if i eat a plant, i cannot return the plant to its original function, but in some way,
me having the plant to eat in the first place is implicit on the planet having the means to form
without my knowledge or influence. i myself can be made up of plants, but i myself am not a plant.

reason #7 by clause of orthogonality, cartesian space is an imaginary space by definition since it 
does not fulfill the criteria for real form. real from must be fully orthogonal to itself, and thus
since 3d cartesian space is not a true measure between y and x, then there cannot be a real measure 
of any vector quantity over z. 

reason #8 the relationships of x,y where y is dependent of x as a function of x also requires no
representation over z where there can be no z function to describe x,y. 

reason #9 this is impossible for reason #6 and for the reason that since x,y cannot maintain 
orthogonality, since there is no relationship over the z or zi plane.

solutions: a new graph system that incorporates previously developed coordinate systems in order to 
solve that problems maintained within all of them.

cartesian: xy=xf(x)
polar: xy=p(t) 

p is the plane wherof t is dependant. on this plane, there is no measure of one arbitrary side to 
the other. 

rather, the field xy radiates evenly from divergence point z, which is a straight line orthogonal to
the plane xy. 

this is due to the fact that 2 orthogonal circles of measure will interfere with each other. 

the divergence occurs in the manner t=rsin{}, where x and y are functions of t, and the function t 
is enabled on z. 

this method is called coincidental space, where rather than one axes being dependent onto the other,
the 2 axes form the arbitrary function zi(t), where t itself is rsin{}. all functions can this way 
be expressed in their truest form.